Added remote connection limit options (#1694)
PegaSysEng/pantheon: docs/Reference/Pantheon-CLI-Syntax.md

Specifies the maximum P2P peer connections that can be established.
The default is 25.

> ### max-remote-connections-percentage

Reviewer: This name should be updated since we just merged: https://github.com/PegaSysEng/pantheon/pull/1715 .

Author: Done

> ### max-remote-connections-percentage

Author: Done

```bash tab="Syntax"

> --max-remote-connections-percentage=<DOUBLE>

Author: Done

```

```bash tab="Command Line"

> --max-remote-connections-percentage=25

Author: Done

```

```bash tab="Environment Variable"

> PANTHEON_MAX_REMOTE_CONNECTIONS_PERCENTAGE=25

Author: Done

```

```bash tab="Configuration File"

> max-remote-connections-percentage=25

Author: Done

```

> Percentage of remote wire connections that can be established with the node. Must be between 0 and 100 inclusive.

Reviewer: If we want to be consistent with the CLI help, that text is currently:
```suggestion
The maximum percentage of P2P connections that can be initiated remotely. Must be between 0 and 100 inclusive.
```

Author: The CLI doc isn't consistent with CLI help

    Enabling revert reason may use a significant amount of memory. We do not recommend enabling revert
    reason when connected to public Ethereum networks. 

### remote-connections-limit-enabled

```bash tab="Syntax"
--remote-connections-limit-enabled[=<true|false>]
```

```bash tab="Command Line"
--remote-connections-limit-enabled=false
```

```bash tab="Environment Variable"
PANTHEON_REMOTE_CONNECTIONS_LIMIT_ENABLED=false
```

```bash tab="Configuration File"
remote-connections-limit-enabled=false
```

> Specify to limit the percentage of wire connections initiated by peers. Default is true. 

Reviewer: The 'max-peers' option uses the term "P2P peer connection" where as here we use "wire connections".  Suggest making both consistent since they're referring to the same thing: "P2P connection" ("P2P peer" is redundant: peer-to-peer peer)
```suggestion
Specify to limit the percentage of P2P connections initiated by peers. Default is true. 
```

Author: Fixed

> Specify to limit the percentage of wire connections initiated by peers. Default is true. 

Reviewer: If we want to be consistent with the CLI help, that text is currently:
```suggestion
Whether to limit the number of P2P connections initiated remotely. Default is true. 
```

Author: The CLI help isn't consistent with CLI help
